yes this is recast rats in honor of
America's birthday we thought we gives
you a brief rundown of American history
climb aboard y'all here we go start with
the Puritans persecuted for the police
sailed across the pond found religious
relief in Jamestown be a free and clear
never mind all the natives that were
already here puts the thirteen colonies
they go up fast
Britain recognizes dad has some heavily
tagged the Sugar Act Stamp Act even the
tea which they dumped in Boston Harbor
now Georgia speed before beer is on it
Lexington and Concord Continental
Congress meets a couple times right than
independence cause G dogs lead the
charge France joins the cause and 83 the
British art done retreating baby Frank's
encode appears to sign the treaty G
dubstep top best president WOD brings
evil America has begun
[Music]
new inspiring today
all men created equally if they are
white and Spain
Louisiana Purchase got the French to
leave Lewis and Clark starter destiny
Missouri Compromise got a split like
bananas welcome Cali add touches after
what with Santa Anna no we're trying to
get west base of looking south tub and
goes underground and gets lays out some
turds Civil War Lincoln says law school
can you wait emancipation Lincoln shot
is the four headed by still flutter
ponies getting tired transcontinental
rail car goes on fire for baseball the
phonograph that's progress band still
fight Nana's at Custer's last stand
Ellis Island statue welcomes a
immigration [ __ ] versus Ferguson wrote
the segregation another war already with
Spain well the natives have it worse
then who did these
merica
[Music]
you
red
and Yosemite with
[Music]
who's the belt and his - rough ridin on
his horse right frozen report effect the
First World War
women cast ballots were in twenties
prohibition Herbert Hoover's cruises
over market crash Great Depression FDR's
New Deal things are looking up guys here
a born-again kamikazes hit Paradise
Falls d-day Eisenhower leads us through
it gets back in Japan but we can't
overdo it I'm a baby stop boom and then
we got Harry Truman start war in Korea
but we don't know what we're doing I'm
okay Malcolm back still fighting
segregation crisis down to Cuba JFK
assassination
Johnson Vietnam sending kids a certain
dude summer a love put a man on the moon
Kent State Watergate man we're not
looking great roe v-- wade Camp David
maybe now we'll be okay oh no cuz the
Soviets have got us by the balls Olympic
boycott tear down this Reaganomics in
effect been a minute since the war first
Bush feel like roses into Desert Storm
grunge and plaid Clinton makes a stand
for the economy
plenty unzip suspense y2k wall gonna die
yjk guys
[Music]
he holds wielding
makes the floor none w Pete's core in
the election wake up to 911 start
wrapping up attention Homeland Security
the Patriot Act it's a full-on war on
terror so invade Iraq for the freedom of
course till we catch you saying
robbing Homer gets pounded by hurricanes
housing market sucks plus a huge
recession first but president but what a
mess you left us stimulus package gets
us back on pace SEAL Team six raids bin
Laden's place gay marriage ACA
unemployment is 2016 election and now
this [ __ ] don't get mad or misconstrue
it's supposed to be an entertaining
overview but remember where we came from
remember our mistakes United not to
fight it that's how you make us great
right Jesse freedom that was a brief
history of America go
this is recap reps please comment below
letting us know what you want to see
next please we Pat it to each other
what's up guys thanks for watching if
you like this click the box to let you
see playlist of all our other recap reps
all through the box in the right to see
another dunk video be sure to hit that
subscribe button to stay up to date on
all the latest books on content all
right I'm gonna go play with fireworks
walk so now
[Music]